Fix and refactor API changelogs (#3999)
astronomer/docs: api/fern/apis/platform/changelog/2024-07-10.md

## Summary

> This update introduces new endpoints for retrieving the health statuses of different Deployment resources. See [Astro documentation](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/deploy-code) for more information.

Reviewer: This is not correct, these statuses refer to the cluster which contains the deployments, not the deployments themselves. Relevant doc links are
https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/create-dedicated-cluster
https://www.astronomer.io/docs/api/platform-api-reference/cluster/list-clusters#response.body.clusters.healthStatus

> This update introduces new endpoints for retrieving the health statuses of different Deployment resources. See [Astro documentation](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/deploy-code) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
This update introduces new endpoints for retrieving the health statuses of different clusters. See [Astro dedicated cluster documentation](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/astro/create-dedicated-cluster) for more information.
```
